Add racket-langserver installation instructions (#2481)
sublimelsp/LSP: docs/src/language_servers.md

Follow installation instructions on [R-IDE](https://github.com/REditorSupport/sublime-ide-r#installation).

## Racket

> Follow the instructions for installation at [racket-langserver](https://github.com/jeapostrophe/racket-langserver).
> 
> Then, put the following in Package Settings/LSP/Settings:
> ```jsonc
> {
>     "clients": {
>         "racket-langserver": {
>             "command": ["racket", "-l", "racket-langserver"],
>             "selector": "source.racket",
>             "enabled": true
>         }
>     }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the [Racket](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Racket) package from Package Control for syntax highlighting.
2. Follow the instructions for installation at [racket-langserver](https://github.com/jeapostrophe/racket-langserver).
3. Open `Preferences > Package Settings > LSP > Settings` and add the `"racket-langserver"` client configuration to the `"clients"`:

```jsonc
{
    "clients": {
        "racket-langserver": {
            "enabled": true,
            "command": ["racket", "-l", "racket-langserver"],
            "selector": "source.racket"
        }
    }
}
```
```
